# Feckdoor configuration

The configuration of Feckdoor is pretty self-explanatory, but here's further informations for advanced users.

Note that the configuration file is NOT GENERATED BY DEFAULT.
You may generate the configuration file by running the program with ```gencfg``` switch. (Example: ```feckdoor.exe gencfg```)

# Structure overview
* [ProgramLogFile](#ProgramLogFile)
* [RegistryAutorunName](#RegistryAutorunName)
* [Killswitch](#Killswitch)
* [InputLog](#InputLog)
  * [LogMode](#LogMode)
  * [InputLogFile](#InputLogFile)
  * [ShiftPrefix](#ShiftPrefix)
  * [SuppressModifierKey](#SuppressModifierKey)
  * [AutoCapitalize](#AutoCapitalize)
  * [ClipboardSpyDelay](#ClipboardSpyDelay)
  * [FallbackWindowName](#FallbackWindowName)
  * [FallbackWindowExecutableName](#FallbackWindowExecutableName)
  * [SaveWait](#SaveWait)
  * [SaveMaxUndone](#SaveMaxUndone)
  * [SaveDelay](#SaveDelay)
  * [PlainText](#PlainText)
    * [TimestampFormat](#TimestampFormat)
    * [TimestampDelay](#TimestampDelay)

### ProgramLogFile
* The [format](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/composite-formatting) of the file that the program's output (Warning, Info, Error, etc.) logged. (Similar to [InputLogFile](#InputLogFile))
* Supported format entries:
  * {0} - Date and Time
  * {1} - Rolling index (starts from 1)
  * 
> For example:
> Format ```'InputLog.{0:dddd-dd-MMMM-yyyy_HH-mm-ss}.{1}.log'``` will produce log file named like ```'InputLog.Friday-29-May-2015_05-50-06.1.log'```
> For further information, see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/custom-date-and-time-format-strings)

### LogTemplate
* Serilog log record template
* See [Serilog wiki](https://github.com/serilog/serilog/wiki/Writing-Log-Events) and [MessageTemplates.org](https://messagetemplates.org/)

### RegistryAutorunName
* You can specify the name of the registry autorun entry
* Default autorun entry is located under ```HKLM\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run```

> For example:
> If you set this value to 'ABCD', the autorun entry is located under ```HKLM\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run\ABCD```

### Killswitch
* Specify the Kill-switch keybind
* It is an sequence of [vkCode](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/inputdev/virtual-key-codes) in hexadecimal format, separated by SPACE(```' '```) (neither comma(```','```) nor semicolon(```';'```))
* You can disable Kill-switch by leaving it empty, but laeving no Kill-switch is heavily discouraged.

> For example:
> Setting it to ```'1B 20 23'``` will bind the Kill-switch to 'ESC + SPACE + END' key combo
> The program will exit when you press these keybind simultaneously.

### KillswitchTimer
* The time given to you (or the victim) to press all killswitch binds
* If the time overs, nothing happens.

> For example:
> Setting it to ```'100'``` and the Killswitch to ```'72 75 78'``` will only able to trigger the Killswitch if can you press ```F3```, ```F6```, ```F9``` within 100 milliseconds.

---

## InputLog

### LogMode
* You can choose which mode the logger uses
* Available modes:
  * PlainText - Log to text file
  * SQLite - Log to SQLite database

### InputLogFile
* The format of the file that all of the user input (Keyboard, Clipboard, Active window change, etc.) logged.
* Supported format entries:
  * {0} - Date and Time
  * {1} - Rolling index (starts from 1)

> For example:
> Format ```'InputLog.{0:dddd-dd-MMMM-yyyy_HH-mm-ss}.{1}.log'``` will produce log file named like ```'InputLog.Friday-29-May-2015_05-50-06.1.log'```
> For further information, see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/custom-date-and-time-format-strings)

### ShiftPrefix
* Enable shift prefixing with ```'+'```
* If enabled, characters entered with shift key pressed will displayed as ```'+'``` prefixed.

> For example:
> If this option is enabled, Entering ```'ABCD'``` will log ```'[+A][+B][+C][+D]'``` instead of ```'ABCD'```

### SuppressModifierKey
* Block modifier keys (Ctrl, Shift, Alt, Win) from being logged

> For example:
> If this option is enabled, Entering ```'AbCd'``` will log ```'AbCd'``` instead of ```'[SHIFT]Ab[SHIFT]Cd'```

### AutoCapitalize
* Automatically capitalize characters which entered with CapsLock enabled or Shift key pressed

### ClipboardSpyDelay
* Delay between the clipboard spy sniffs the clipboard, in milliseconds.

### FallbackWindowName
* The default window name when Active Window Capture feature fails to capture the active window.

### FallbackWindowExecutableName
* The default window executable path when Active Window Capture feature fails to capture the active window.

### SaveWait
* The delay to detect short AFK (Delay after the last character input), in milliseconds.

### SaveMaxUndone
* The dead-line of undone log records to delay writing.

### SaveDelay
* The wait tick before next loop of log file save worker, in milliseconds.

### PlainText
> Options in this group only available when LogMode PlainText selected

#### TimestampFormat
* The timestamp notification [format](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/custom-date-and-time-format-strings) to use.

#### TimestampDelay
* Delay between the timestamp notification in input log file, in milliseconds.

